By Greg Stutchbury Wellington - New Zealand take on South Africa in the Tri-Nations opener on Saturday with the Southern Hemisphere powerhouses expected to serve up a mouth-watering clash that carries greater significance than a normal Test. The All Blacks will be desperate to arrest a poor run of results against the visitors after losing all three of their Tri-Nations matches to the world champions last year. In terms of rewriting the history books, both sides have an added incentive to emerge with a win as New Zealand are unbeaten in 21 matches at Auckland's Eden Park dating back to 1994, while South Africa have not won at the venue since 1937. The Springboks, however, have won their last two matches on New Zealand soil and the psychological edge South Africa would gain with a victory at a venue hosting next year's World Cup semi-finals and final is a big talking point in the local media. The All Blacks, who could meet South Africa in the semifinals next year, are reluctant to regard the match as a form guide for the sport's premier tournament in 2011. "I personally think it is irrelevant," All Blacks assistant coach Wayne Smith told reporters of any World Cup factor hanging over Saturday's clash. "Both teams are going to have a good crack at the World Cup. But not today or tomorrow, that's down the track. "This has got its own entity. It's a Springboks-All Blacks match with all that that entails. "It's two proud teams going at each other. It's important for today but I don't know how important it is for the World Cup." The World Cup aside, the Springboks enter the tournament, which also includes Australia, as favourites to retain the title. They have an experienced core of players drawn from the Super 14 champion Bulls, Stormers and Sharks, have added pace and attacking impetus to a brutal and polished forward pack and have been difficult to beat at home in front of fanatical support. Springboks' captain John Smit, however, admitted it would be tough to defend the title after starting with back-to-back tests in New Zealand. "To keep expecting the same results and not thinking that other teams will catch you would be naive," he said. "It really is for us to make sure that we can keep stepping up." Australia do not play until the third round when they host the Springboks in Brisbane on June 24, allowing them to bring several players who missed the June internationals against England and Ireland through injury back into the squad. The Wallabies struggled in June and have been told by coach Robbie Deans to exhibit more consistency, though the fact he has had to name four uncapped players and seven others with fewer than five test caps each could see them finish bottom again. Of deeper concern for Deans will be that while he has tried to blood more players in his tenure with an eye on the World Cup, there is now precious little time for him to experiment further. Next year's Tri-Nations will be reduced to two games against each team to ease fixture congestion because of the advent of a longer Super 15 season and the World Cup starting on September 9. - Reuters