Locks Bakkies Botha and Danie Rossouw have both been declared fit and included in the Springbok match 22 to face the All Blacks in the opening fixture of the 2010 Vodacom Tri-Nations rugby series at Eden Park in Auckland, New Zealand on Saturday. Botha, who is in the starting XV, has recovered from a hamstring strain while Rossouw, who is among the reserves, is over the hip flexor injury that kept him out of the previous Test against Italy in East London almost two weeks ago. The starting XV for Saturday's clash shows three changes from the one that started the second Test against Italy. Zane Kirchner returns at fullback in place of Gio Aplon, Wynand Olivier replaces Juan de Jongh at inside centre and Victor Matfield resumes his familiar role in place of Andries Bekker after being rested. Aplon and Bekker move to the bench with Bekker replacing Flip van der Merwe and Rossouw preferred to Dewald Potgieter. Four bench  players from East London have been retained Chiliboy Ralepelle, BJ Botha, Ruan Pienaar and Butch James. De Jongh falls out of the match 22. Coach Peter de Villiers said it had been a difficult selections to make. "All the players in the group are fit and available so there were some tough choices to make, but we are putting a very strong team out there". De Villiers told a press conference at the team hotel on Thursday the team was looking ahead and that last year's results over the All Blacks did not matter. The Boks beat their traditional foe three times during the 2009 competition. "If you look backwards you will go backwards. Last year's results are in the past and we face a new challenge on Saturday. It  will be tough but we expect it to be as it always is against the All Blacks". The Springboks' perceived psychological edge over their opponents in the lineouts has received prominent coverage in the media in New Zealand this week and vice-captain Victor Matfield was  asked for an opinion during the media session. "It is always an area that we will target against any opponent, but we will be looking to contest and get a few steals early on to maybe sow a bit of doubt in their minds. "The lineout is one of our strengths but we have to be good in all departments against the All Blacks because they are a great team. You don't just pitch up here and expect a win, you have to work for it and I am looking forward to a fantastic contest," Matfield said. The selection sees Jean de Villiers retained on the wing with Wynand Olivier partnering Jaque Fourie in midfield. Asked about the combination, Fourie said he was looking forward to playing with Olivier. "He is a great player and had a great Super 14 and I think we will go well. It is not only about the midfield partnership though, but about how we can bring the wings and the fullback into play too," Fourie said. Number eight Pierre Spies said he expected a tough battle amongst the loose forwards. He added the new Springbok combination including Schalk Burger and Francois Louw was developing well. "We are fortunate in South Africa that we do not have a shortage of good loose forwards. Francois has come into the side and has done well and the three of us are working well together," Spies said. Springboks: 15 Zane Kirchner,14 Jean de Villiers,13 Jaque Fourie,12 Wynand Olivier,11 Bryan Habana,10 Morne Steyn,9 Ricky Januarie,8 Pierre Spies,7 Francois Louw,6 Schalk Burger,5 Victor Matfield,4 Bakkies Botha,3 Jannie du Plessis,2 John Smit (capt) 1 Gurthro Steenkamp. Reserves: 16 Chiliboy Ralepelle,17 BJ Botha,18 Andries Bekker,19 Danie Rossouw,20 Ruan Pienaar, 21 Butch James, 22  Gio Aplon. - Sapa