South Africa is about to emerge from its state of World-Cup euphoria and re-enter the harsh world of reality - one clouded by widespread worker dissatisfaction and possible strike action. This is inevitable, say those in close touch with the labour movement, especially in a country that now leads the world in pay inequalities between management and workers. Worker demands are now being voiced by the public service unions, demands fuelled by reports of millions of rands spent by the government on World Cup tickets and the above-inflation pay increases granted by Eskom to avert a strike. But the World Cup bubble would burst, said Cosatu's general secretary, Zwelinzima Vavi. "All of us wish we could live in the South Africa we have seen in the past three weeks or so," he said. Vavi said that South Africa of the past few weeks had one goal, was united in diversity and did not know colour. It was "unbelievable, the scenes we have seen". "But the cold reality is we have our own problems to fix beyond the World Cup and one of these is the greed - the money question." He said the country had "unbelievable income inequalities", which were once again being demonstrated by reports that Eskom's top managers were planning to vote themselves about R1-billion in bonuses. This came, he said, after Eskom had granted its workers a 9 percent pay increase and only R1 500 in housing allowances. Vavi drove home this point when taking part in the SAfm panel discussion programme, the After Eight Debate, on the topic of pay bargaining and the widening gap between management and workers. He said South Africa had now surpassed Brazil -"not in soccer, unfortunately" - but in terms of inequalities between the rich and the poor. "We have the most frightening statistics we can share with you in terms of these inequalities," he said. "We live in two worlds, one a very small minority, very prosperous, very rich; and one for the overwhelming majority trapped in poverty and deprivation." These issues had been there all along but they were drowned out by the "background music" of the World Cup, said a second person participating in the debate, Professor Raymond Parsons, deputy chief executive of Business Unity South Africa. "The reality is we have a collective bargaining system, which operates at different levels, and some of it happened to coincide with the World Cup," Parsons said. "Clearly there is quite a bit of unfinished agenda work in the collective bargaining system, and after the soccer World Cup we will resume these negotiations." He said poverty and inequality were the overriding challenges facing the country, "which is one of the reasons we want to get this economy moving again in a labour-absorbing way, so that we can create more jobs". A third member of the debating panel, Neren Rau, chief executive of the South African Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said the country's inequalities were not sustainable. "Our organisation stands for paying for performance," Rau said. "So, where performance justifies it, there must be adequate reward." But the chamber did not support paying "massively high bonuses", especially when the economy was in crisis. There was a need to reward performance and to address inequalities, he said. "Somewhere in that mix we will find a solution to our challenges." 