By Jerome Pugmire Reims, France - After enduring early bad luck in his bid for an eighth Tour de France title, Lance Armstrong is now banking on his experience and mental strength, along with the knowledge that fortunes change fast in cycling's toughest event. The day after a punctured tire cost him valuable time to his rivals -defending champion Alberto Contador of Spain and Andy Schleck of Luxembourg -the 38-year-old Armstrong had a quieter day, on the saddle at least, in Wednesday's fourth stage. "Nothing to report. There was no wind, so, it's really an easy stage," was the brief summary from Armstrong's RadioShack team manager Johan Bruyneel. But Bruyneel's words carried a heavy tinge of relief following the carnage that turned the Tour's opening few days into a crash-marred frenzy. "Days like yesterday are so extreme there's nothing you can do," Armstrong said after completing Wednesday's stage drenched in sweat  due to the sweltering heat. "I didn't want to have a third day in a row of bad luck, so ... (it's) nice that everybody stayed up (on their bikes)." Another veteran, Italy's Alessandro Petacchi, won the stage. Armstrong has little choice but to bide his time now, considering his position compared to other Tour contenders. Although race leader Fabian Cancellara of Switzerland and second-placed Geraint Thomas of Britain are expected to wilt in the  French Alps on Sunday, Contador, Schleck and two-time Tour runner-up Cadel Evans of Australia all lead Armstrong. Evans is third, 39 seconds behind Cancellara, Schleck is sixth, 1:09 back, Contador ninth, 1:40 back, while Armstrong sits in 18th spot, 2:30 behind. It is an unfamiliar position for the American considering how he dominated most of his seven straight Tour wins from 1999-2005. But Armstrong has been around long enough not to get phased by early setbacks, and long enough to know when to apply psychological pressure on his challengers. "I think now you just got to pick up a few guys and focus on them ... it's easy to look at the GC (overall standings) and say 'gosh, there's 17 guys ahead of you,"' Armstrong said. "But for the most part the vast majority of them won't be there (at the end)." Bruyneel, Armstrong's architect of those seven Tour wins, joined in the mind games by targeting Schleck - one of two brothers who usually competes in the race. The other, Frank Schleck, had to pull out because of a broken left collarbone following a crash on Tuesday, and Bruyneel suspects  that may weaken his brother mentally. "There's pros and cons, Andy Shleck got a lot of time but he loses his brother. You don't know what the biggest advantage will be at the end, the two minutes or the help of his brother in the mountains," Bruyneel said. "We lose time but fortunately no one is injured. That's a good thing to remember." Armstrong had another distraction to contend with on Wednesday, this time off the bike, when an angry heckler stood outside his team bus moments after the stage and shouted accusations at him in French, then argued with Bruyneel. Armstrong barely had time for a quick shower, and had only just stepped down from his RadioShack team bus, when the irate man shouted "cheat" and "doper" at Armstrong, who did not respond and climbed into a team car. The man then had a brief standup row with Bruyneel. Armstrong, who returned to competition last year following a 3 1/2 year retirement, has faced doping accusations since his first Tour win in 1999 after overcoming testicular cancer. He has always denied the accusations Bruyneel labelled the heckler as someone "who wants to put himself into the picture." Last month, Armstrong was also verbally aggressed by the same man, this time before a stage at the Tour of Luxembourg. Although the man did not come into contact with Armstrong, he stood face to face with Bruyneel. Bruyneel responded to him in French, before mimicking a zipping motion with his hand across his mouth, as if to tell him to shut up. Armstrong dismissed fresh allegations of doping by disgraced former teammate Floyd Landis on the eve of the Tour. "The accusations didn't start two months ago," Armstrong said last week. "It started in 1999. Which is 11 years ago and I'm still  there. There will be other accusations for sure, but we can just add them to the list." Petacchi, won Wednesday's stage - a 153.5-kilometre (95.4-mile) fourth stage from Cambrai to Reims in France's famed Champagne region - in 3 hours, 34 minutes, 55 seconds. Armstrong crossed the line in 36th place, Contador was 32nd and Schleck placed 58th, although those positions are usually meaningless in a mass finish. By the end, Petacchi had edged second-placed Julian Dean of New Zealand, who was briefly hospitalised for a badly bruised back in a  crash Tuesday. Edval Boasson Hagen of Norway was third. "At this stage in my career, winning two Tour stages is really important," said Petacchi, who won four stages in the 2004 Tour. Thursday's fifth stage is another mostly flat stage. - Sapa-AP