By Gill Gifford Airports Company South Africa (Acsa) CEO Monhla Hlahla has told Talk Radio 702 presenter John Robbie on Thursday morning that much of Wednesday's chaos at King Shaka International Airport was caused by private jets that had landed, parked and then refused to fly out again. This meant that there was not enough space for scheduled incoming flights to land on time. Asked directly by Robbie if the VIP jets had been allowed to stay parked and not move off, Hlahla responded: "Yes that is true and that, partly, you can't blame your customer in the African culture." She said Acsa had been faced with a challenge as to how to deal with 'special VVIPs' and the 'special care' they needed in conjunction with their reluctance 'to follow the rules'. "So you can't blame the customer in African culture... so does this mean your other customers have to go and twiddle their thumbs? Is that what you are saying?" Robbie asked. Hlahla responded that she had not differentiated between people when using the term 'customers', and that work was done to accommodate everyone at the airport. She said the hiccups had come about as a result of a combination of bad weather and a sudden onslaught of arrivals for Wednesday night's big game. This had taken 'a lot of co-ordination and special focus'. "And you didn't know about that?" Robbie asked. "A lot of people were waiting and among them some very important people. We need to learn to co-ordinate this. The chief and main thing is that we keep everybody safe, and we did that," Hlahla said. "Why did you not tell those people 'If you don't move, we will arrest you'?" Robbie challenged. Hlahla said Acsa officials had attempted to manually move the VVIP jets themselves. "But the challenge is 'where to', because the airport is already full. We need to find a way to oil that," she said. This breaking news flash was supplied exclusively to iol.co.za by the news desk at our sister title, The Star. For more about this story, carry on watching iol.co.za or click here to subscribe to the digital or print edition of the newspaper.