By Botho Molosankwe Some Dutch and Spanish fans who flew all the way from their countries to watch the semi final game in Durban shouted and screamed at the Kulula.com cabin crew staff with frustration as they realised that they were going to miss the game.  A 37-year-old man broke down in tears when looking at his devastated children crying over missing the semifinal game they had been looking forward to. Marlene Swanepoel from Pretoria and Kiran Singh were some of the people who were caught in the chaos created by the lack of space at King Shaka International Airport. Singh, his 11-year-old twins, 14-year-old son and two nephews aged 16 and 21 left Durban on Wednesday morning to meet the former Liverpool star John Barnes in Johannesburg and also get a few autographs. They were to board the 18:25 flight to Durban that would arrive an hour later. Singh had bought match tickets that cost R1 750 each but they never got to watch the game as they only arrived at King Shaka only five minutes before the end of the game. "We were devastated; we had waited a whole month for the semi-final. We missed everything... we saw nothing. I cried when I looked at my crying children. If Acsa had a heart, they would give us tickets to the final. We don't want money, we just want to go and see the game," Singh said. Swanepoel boarded at OR Tambo International Airport and wanted to take her 4-year-old son to Durban to visit his grandparents before the schools re-opened. "We boarded the 16:15 flight but circled over Harrismith for an hour because the captain said there was no parking space at King Shaka and said we would have to go back to refuel. "We got back to Johannesburg after 8pm and there were Dutch and Spanish soccer fans who were furious and kept screaming at the hostesses. "They said they came specifically for this game and wanted to know whether they would get a refund. My baby was crying and I also cried because I was disappointed as I was looking forward to seeing my parents," Swanepoel said. This breaking news flash was supplied exclusively to iol.co.za by the news desk at our sister title, The Star. For more about this story, carry on watching iol.co.za or click here to subscribe to the digital or print edition of the newspaper.